Again, some of the principles in public will not be answered in public.
It should obviously be answered in the same form where the charges were made.
And I may say also that a part of this case is not just the right of an individual to
rebut to answer testimony, but based on the record that is before this committee, which
was the basis of this investigation, is the right.
The principles to make charges are what will do answer them.
This move forecloses one fan throw off.
It's our right, our principles, who have not been heard and who are not being heard in public.
If forecloses their right to even make those accusations, even in the executive section,
let alone within our today public spectrum.
That's a tabernacle.
Send him a call.
I will hold my remarks until you get ready to act on the motions.
That's time I'll have a suggestion for the committee.
Since 15th of the week, he tests among our, and we have some reluctance to fairly begin with the interrogation of the witness.
We share with like to make a statement of two in connection with his co-op.
In the first place, the chair has been derived from the stock, trying to find some more appropriate manner,
in which the several of this unpleasant business, and by doing it, in this committee room, by this committee,
which has part of its personnel involved.
For that reason, I'll do with the occasion that's both out in public, on the radio and contestant's contestant against this procedure.
And I thought that to this, by my voice, and by my voice, in the executive section, when he decided to have this committee undertake the task.
I hope that at some time my colleague, John the committee, will see fit to vote.
But the note in the minute is at the executive section, which has the field locked up in the state of my office,
for the made part of the public spectrum.
That's the tabernacle I have so moved.
I talk in the motion.
Very good.
Is there any application?
By unanimous approval, we will make public and as best as the short-hand reporting in front of the note of the opening session.
It will help to get more of the facts on the record.
Now may the chair continue by faith.
Are you tremendously impressed by the fact that there are great many spot full amount, not motivated by partisanship,
either from a democratic or a Republican standpoint, a genuinely concerned by the fact that the secretary of the army,
and the large group of distinguished and able and important associates, and eight members of the United States,
and a considerable portion of the staff, are tied up here, day after, day after, day after, day, trying to adjudicate this wordy and unhosen situation.
We find ourselves, it seems to me, in a world, was a whole cause of freedom, as being challenged by tremendous questions.
The men just be hired for the chair to believe that in that time the world was that time the challenge.
When the enemy has an atomic bomb, when there is danger that all of our structures of civilization can be taken with traffic,
terribly hired for the chair to, honestly, believe, that this is the most important business, the which the secretary of war,
and his associates, and these eight members of the Senate and their associates can devote themselves.
It seems to me, furthermore, that there should be enough give and take, there should be enough concern against this common danger,
and the trying to stay in this age of survival our way of life, that we could find some more appropriate and speedier methods for adjudication,
this miserable business in which we find ourselves in law. It seems to me, we could find some more constructive purpose in which we can devote our time.
The chair is very much impressed by the long and careful efforts made by the introduction, in preserving his series of motion.
The chair has not supported any of them in the past, because he has felt that his duty is what of the adjudicate words,
to make sure that no one you're up with changing rules or threatening the regime, or eliminating them, was making them off the earth,
should be engaged in which any one of the three entities involved would say they consider to be un-American or unjust or unfair.
The chair has not voted for such resolutions in the past, the chair will not vote for such resolution in the future.
As there are entities among us, with his afternoon we'll say they consider an honest effort to try to reduce the scope of this hearing,
the fall within the category of injustice, or dishonesty, or un-Americanism, or unfair. Having said that, the chair would like to say that in his opinion,
this is a pretty fair approach. I can't agree at all what some of the objections says when he says it's denied, what's right,
there probably is everybody to be heard, because this keeps the status open. This provides something which I think Mr. Mitty might well have had a long time ago,
which would have been possible of expediting the hearing. And that is an adequate opportunity to consult with Council concerning the fact he has,
which we do not have, because he's had a chance to interview, he tells us all of the principles and all of the weapons.
I'm persuaded a great deal by the fact that this provides that opportunity, provides us the chance to find out what has occurred in executive sessions and any executive sessions.
And with those full facts people, I think we can more intelligibly decide whether more open hearing is desired or whether they are not.
Having said that, the chair reaffirms his position, how it feels that in this body of responsible men, everybody was equally aware of the kind of world of which we live,
the kind of challenges that can fund us, the kind of duties that beg for our attention. But if there be those among us who this afternoon are going to say they consider this resolution to be unfair,
they consider this resolution to be unjust, that they think that it is more important to protect and continue these open hearings under the present system with the present rules going on and on.
Then the chair is going to vote to support that position because they have a right to insist on their concept of justice, but they share belief in them, that their responsibility for prolongation and the spread responsibility for protection.
To be firmly fastened upon those who say they want that to occur, rather than the members of this committee, who on both sides of the earth, as they go to the tremendous amount of time, first of all, we find the fine capital of the council which we secure.
Then determining a rule of procedure which would be fair and equitable, the spice effect, the thorough integrity is trying to do the right job, the spice effect that we have enforced to try to a duty-gated situation,
it's in which some of the personalities and laws, then we just go to long and careful patience to try and define the format for making the presentation of charges and charges.
They've been going on continuously and unless we make some change, they're going on continuously the chair believes for many long, melancholy weeks in the future.
During which time all of us in this room will have other responsibilities, will have to deny themselves the right to measure up to those who need it because of this responsibility.
There's nothing further there.
I'm going to have to make just one observation.
I will see this over and over how regard these charges now serious they are.
May I say, if the charges against Secretary Steven and he is that hard to, then the presence of Secretary Steven's and he is that year in this area means that they are doing less harm to their country while they're here, then it would be doing if they were in the synagogue.
Mr. Cameron, I'm sorry.
Some days ago I presented that here, the security of the country or for any other reason we should get ahead with the regular business of this subcommittee,
that the staff of the subcommittee interacted in those problems to be transferred to another committee in order that the matter is a hand by communist and the French plan should be proceeded with.
I still make that recommendation this morning.
Now I agree with my distinguished colleague from Arkansas about the gravity of these charges.
Very grave charges have been made against the army and very grave charges have been made against the chairman, the chief counsel and the executive director of this committee.
As I read these memorandum or this memorandum resolution despite those charges the resolution provides that this committee before the charges have been adjudicated should go right ahead.
That's all I have to say Mr. Chairman.
The people at the straights the chair has never said that these charges are not important. They are important.
The chair does not believe they are important as the theft from communism abroad or the federal communism at home.
And the chair does not believe that in this resolution is incorporated anything which was preserved this committee from endeavoring to a duty table and report to the public the full set of facts and the public has the right to have the full set of facts.
The chair is tremendously interested in putting those representatives of the army who are here and these representatives of the senate who are here back on the job of survival and protecting this country.
And the chair wants to clearly understand that these hearings are protected. He will be here and he believes it should meet morning and afternoon and night sensitivities from now on if it's going to continue them.
If there's that important he will be here.
He will be here with tears in his eyes because he believes there are other duties so which everybody involved in this country for a seat should be devoting himself.
And I hope and I pray that during the noon hour men will shift their souls and their consciousness to determine whether there isn't something more important.
In time to protect these things and public as we have them and still without doing violence to justice signs them other way or do they get to consciousness.
And the chair says now that all parties will know if you say to me at 230 you think this is unfair to take 5,000 television and all three air and change the rules.
The chairman is going to vote to provide for those who insist upon that which they consider to be equity, the unjustness and fairness in the form of proceedings.
Mr. Potter.
Mr. Potter, I recognize him.
I'll talk to you later.
Mr. Chairman, I think all this discussion we missed the main point.
Which line to ask the chairman?
As a result of charges made on a part of personnel on the army and the Carter charges made on a part of send them across the end and members of his family.
Now we never promised.
That we were going to run in competition through Milton Burle.
The only promise that we would entertain the facts that the public know the facts.
Now, what concerns me?
To the fact that we have, we know, that public opinion in this country.
There's not pay to this type of a public role.
They want to know the facts.
But they're not interested in having the dignity of the United States, perhaps, the dignity of the administration.
Consequently, be Lord and Lord, with each day of this here.
Our prestige of law has greatly solved as a result of this.
I think we must take into consideration and find it indiviable.
As a result of this public discipline, a personality like is between the legislative branch of our government and the legislative branch of our government.
I sincerely hope that we can divide the bill, but we have to take all the facts.
We'll quickly, so that we can get on with these more important business of our government and so that our prestige at home and abroad will again have a place in the sunlight which it deserves.
I'm sending Simon and you just a chair.
I just have to, I want to just set the record straight.
If in any way I don't think I did, but if in any way I implied that you did not think that these charges on both sides were grave,
I will probably apologize for those implications because I never thought it and I did not mean to say it.
I'm sure you didn't say it and I'm sure you didn't imply it, but I was not sure about the television audience might have concluded or inferred it so much that I think they are serious.
But I certainly don't think they're the most serious business confronting the United States today.
And while I think that every person in this room who's involved in the country, should have and must have a full and fresh hand,
the main handy is reputation and defense.
There's more important individuals and more important than reputation.
And the future of America.
And we have some pretty serious business to be done.
And we're at the crossroads now.
And we'll determine this afternoon whether we're going to find any means.
We shorten these hearings which the parties to the dispute will consider fairly equitable.
Whether we send our team into this thing for another two months perhaps and perhaps longer,
while the internally long list of witnesses be called up and discussed in public and at the conclusion,
we make a report as we make under any of the proposals before it, whether the McClellan, or the Dersen,
or the one they continue on, Odin Fenyche.
I think we are now ready to interview the witness on left.
Uh, send him a package.
I have a tray taking any time.
It's all after we've come about two hours talking about how we're going to rush this thing through.
But I would like to make my position crystal clear.
As far as I am concerned, as the chair knows, I didn't have to initiate this and initiated by Mr. Davis and Madam.
As far as I am concerned, I will lean over back for it.
Do anything numerally possible to try and close up the circus so we can get back.
Do they work at taking Communists out of government?
Graphs, corruption, fraud, or the work of the committee?
And, uh, the only reason why I'm not passing upon contractions was once in this morning,
is that I wouldn't bring you new knower like to get the interpretation of some of the language in it,
so that we won't have a long, grown-out, capital about this or some future day theory.
Now, 1225, if you're sure you're watching, correct?
I don't know whether we could start out for five minutes and interrogate them.
I know, you'll be fine.
Well, the undercover's going to go around for one round of the play.
Uh, because you go around for 1230.
Uh, Mr. Jenkins.
I have no question, sir.
Mr. Jenkins.
The chair will pass.
Uh, Mr. Wilkins.
I would like to make a remark about the Secretary if I may, and about his physical condition.
I think under the latitude between we have extended ourselves this morning's girl that you should have that for.
Thank you.
As a conclusion, the hearing is yesterday.
The Secretary went to his home, which was, uh, to be a very unusual thing.
And, of course, the evening I called Mrs. Stevens, and I learned that he had had a shot of Pemiscellani,
and he had been here today because of a virus infection.
He had concealed that from me and what I considered to be difficult fashion.
He was given to him by an army doctor.
I asked her if she, if he had a personal position, and he says, no, but I have.
Well, I said, what you have in your personal position, look at the Secretary this evening.
And that was done, and the same position looked at him again this morning.
That position reported that the Secretary could go on.
The Secretary could go on.
I have learned, in the course of the morning, that the Secretary had a second shot of Pemiscellani.
He attempted to conceal that from me.
He wants to have me say, I'm feeling fine.
I can go on for 30 days, it's easy, but I, well, I somewhat admire him.
I am not totally convinced that he feels the fine is right to have you believe.
It seems to me that it was the greatest act of the Committee to say now that he was dispensed with the Secretary,
at least until he spent a film shot, and that we would take up the testimony of some other principles observed, if you will, the words principle.
I do not think we ought to go off into collateral wetlessness.
Yes, this Secretary is excused at this moment, but there are other principles that he was interrogation put together.
Chairman, may I say that I agree with Mr. Wells, if the Secretary has been having kind of someone shot.
He's got a virus infection. He should not be on this wetlessness plan.
I think I should make it clear for the record, however, that when we talk about 13 days,
that is rather just up to figures.
Like, for example, we're getting credit for being on the same day today to take enough by speeches on how we can cut this short.
But I do say that it's the Secretary has been receiving treatment for any human such as a virus I know it's like.
I think it will be completely unfair to him, unfair to the Committee, but I've been justified.
So far as I'm concerned, I would have no objections over it stepping down now until such time that he is, we'll be likely returned to the town.
To me, I'm sorry, the fact that I'm with that explanation which you didn't have when we could just as we continue now.
I can no longer talk about it.
I acted on the Secretary, and the Secretary, and the fact that it is virtually 1230, the Chairman likes to suggest this.
It will not be necessary in order to get answers to the questions that the Chair is going to ask before we pass on his resolution.
The Secretary agrees I should ask.
It will not be necessary for the Secretary to be here at 230 unless he wants to, but that's appropriate.
Mr. Wells, you can fare with him till the noon hour.
Let me implore this, and then we'll run you a chair.
Let me implore Mr. Hensel, Secretary Stevens, Mr. Wells.
And that's Mr. Ryan, who speaks to Mr. Hensel.
But all of you will go to your respective shops till the noon hour.
And hold yourself carefully and readiness to consult if you want to with some direction or our council.
If there are some modifications in this which would enable you then to say that you think it is fair and just, I hope you'll make it.
Or if you feel it's fair and just now, I hope you'll say so.
Chair does not believe that there's much to be gained after two years this afternoon, again trying to change the rules of the procedure.
If we start ourselves to this, we own business.
From now until the board is July or whenever it's worth it.
The council will be available and the direction will be available.
They are the two that speak to one of the committee.
If you have any suggested changes or reports, the two that he will take this up from Mr. Stevens, you will not be called as they witness this afternoon.
And you can either ask the right, Mr. Wells to speak for you or tell me yourself if you want to be one of them.
Mr. Chairman, we just...
Mr. Chairman, first of all, Mr. Chairman, first of all, Mr. Justice, who will meet this afternoon?
That we find out how the various parties feel about this, that we go to on it, and that we not wait day after day after day by, along with the Kim Zayn species.
Chair, certainly, please. We should go to the afternoon. He's not going to undertake to deny the Sunnacras the right to be heard.
However, we need to see the details after him.
Mr. Chairman, Mr. Chairman, not enough to the committee will hold its next session, the two parties that have to do.